Add single sql udf page (#2290)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-create-function.md

## SQL UDFs

SQL UDFs in RisingWave are designed to expand directly into expressions at the frontend, resulting in minimal performance difference compared to manually calling multiple functions. 

> The `CREATE FUNCTION` command is used to define SQL UDFs. You can read our [specific guide dedicated to SQL UDFs](/sql/udf/sql-udfs.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CREATE FUNCTION` command is used to define SQL UDFs. You can read our guide on [SQL UDFs](/sql/udf/sql-udfs.md) for more details.
```
